FAQ
1. How to decide if I am eligible for Home Loan?
2. What is EMI?
3. What are the benefits of applying for a Home Loan?
4. When can I apply for a loan??
5. How do I apply for Home-Loan?
6. Can I apply for multiple loans??
7. What does agreement to sale mean?
8. Can I repay my loan ahead of schedule?
9. Can I track my loan status?
10. Can I have a co-applicant?
11. When does my EMI start?
12. What are the necessary documents required to apply for a Home Loan?
13. What is the minimum amount that I can apply for a Home Loan?
14. What is the maximum amount that I can apply for a Home Loan?
15.  How to apply for a loan for my choice of property?
16. How to decide the property I should choose for loan?
17. What happens if I am unable to pay my loan on time?


Answers
1. Our website allows you to check your eligibility to apply for a Home loan.You are welcome to  register. Usual checks are that you must be an adult and have a job to pay off your emi. We check other documents for verification too. You can check your eligibility here *website link*.
2. EMI(equated monthly installments) offers you a loan in exchange of  monthly outgoes of certain fixed amounts. It allows you to buy properties and other luxuries and pay them off eventually. 
3. ‘DreamHouse’ makes your dream of owning your dream house by loaning you a subsequent amount to buy it, which you can pay off eventually through EMI. We offer you loans at considerable interest rates and take care of your finance security.
4. You can  apply whenever you want to.We are available 24* 7 on the following link.*website link*.
5. You can apply for Home Loan on our official website *website link*.
6. We do not provide multiple loans to the same person at the same time. However , once you have paid off your loan, you can apply for another.
7. While buying a property, people enter into an agreement with the seller which is called Agreement to sale. 
8. Yes, you may repay your loan ahead of time in which case your EMI will  be recalculated and may reduce.
9. Yes , we have a loan tracker on our website which you may use to track your loan status.Click here to track your loan*link*.
10. We do not provide loans codependently . Only one person can apply for one loan at a time.
11. Your EMI starts by the seventh day of your application usually. You will be notified accordingly on our website. You may visit our website to check your application status. Check your application status here*link*.
12. Necessary documents to apply for a home loan would be you, pan card, voter id card, salary slip, letter of authorization, No objection Certificate and agreement to sale document. Make sure to upload them for complete registration. 
13. You can track the minimum amount you can  apply  for loan on our emi calculator . Click here to see.*link*.
14. You can track the maximum amount you can  apply  for loan on our emi calculator . Click here to see.*link*.
15. Once you register , you can enter the details of the property you like. Accordingly the loan may be provided to you. Click here to register *link*.
16. Our website allows you to check your eligibility before providing a loan.You may choose accordingly. We provide an EMI calculator for calculating your EMI according to your choice of property and amount you want for loan.
17. If you fail to pay your EMI on time we may charge you additional charges. 


Show this
Name, application id, date of appointment
Back to  user dashboard button